---
layout: page
title: Data Privacy Policy
permalink: /dataprivacypolicy/
---

## Introduction

Red Bull Media House GmbH, Oberst-Lepperdinger-Str. 11-15, 5071 Wals near Salzburg, Austria (hereafter “We”, “Us” and “Our”) respects Your right to privacy. This Data Protection and Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), together with Our Terms and Conditions, explains how We use Your personal information and data collected from the Website and Your rights in respect of such information and data. Capitalised terms which are used in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in Our Terms and Conditions.
Personal information provided by You or gathered by Us is controlled primarily by Us as data controller pursuant to the Datenschutzgesetz 2000 (Data Protection Law Austria, 2000).

## Google Analytics
is one of the tracking software We use, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ). Google Analytics also uses “Cookies”. The information generated by the Cookie about Your use of Our Website (including Your IP- address) will usually be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. In case of the activation of IP-anonymisation on Our Website though, Your IP-address will be shortened by Google within a member states of the European Union or within other states that are parties to the European Economic Area Agreement. Only in exceptional cases will Your IP-address be fully transferred to a server of Google in the United States and be shortened there. Google will use this information on Our behalf for the purpose of evaluating Your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate Your IP-address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of Cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on Your browser, however please note that if You do this You may not be able to use the full functionality of Our Website. You can also prevent the acquisition of the data generated by the Cookie (including Your IP-address) by downloading and installing the browser-plugin available by the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. You can find further information here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.

## Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy without prior notice. You should continue to check this Privacy Policy for updates and amendments, as You will be deemed to have accepted any changes if You continue to use the Website after they have been posted.

## Language
The original version of this Privacy Policy is in English language. Any translated version is for Your convenience and information only. In case of disputes the English text shall prevail.

© 2012 Red Bull Media House GmbH